1
Hallway
You wake up in a dimly lit hallway, portraits on the wall with watchful eyes that follow your movement. You realize the
only way out of this creepy place is to find the key to the locked door behind you. The only other door lies in front of
you, unlocked...
You can only move NORTH from here.
----
NORTH 2
----
2
Main Room
You enter into a big room with very different doors in every direction. The door to the EAST has a very eerie fog
crawling out from underneath it. The door to the NORTH is surrounded by piles of precious gold coins. The door to the
WEST has what sounds like a child's voice calling out from the other side. The door to the SOUTH has a sign that reads
"egress" above it. Where will you go?
You can move EAST, NORTH, WEST, and SOUTH from here.
----
EAST 3
WEST 4
NORTH 7
NORTH 8
NORTH 10
SOUTH 1
SOUTH 11

----
3
The Fisherman's Death Bed
The wall's of this room are heavily decorated with trophy's, and old fishing pictures. After admiring the
glorious walls, your eyes settle onto a very unfortunate scene: a withered old man struggling to get his last words out
on his death bed. "My name is old man Jenkins, I was the greatest fisherman that ever lived.. here son,
take my rod. I've no need for it anymore..." Jenkins mutters as he dissolves into dust.
You have a fishing rod.
You can only go WEST from here.
----
WEST 2
----
4
The Lost Child
There are toys absolutely everywhere in this room. If you were still a kid you would never want to leave this toy heaven.
There is a small child playing with a toy robot in the corner. "There's a toy at the bottom of the cavern river,
I want it! I want it!", the child exclaims. As you scan the room you can see a hatch on the floor, almost buried by
the toys.
You can only move DOWN and EAST from here.
----
DOWN 5
EAST 2
----
5
The Cavern
As you finish climbing down a dingy sewer ladder you are met with a beautiful cavern, glistening with all different
types of crystals. You can hear the squealing of bats overhead and there is a river at the other end of the cavern.
You peer over the river and see the "toy" that the child was talking about at the bottom of the river. Only it's not
 a toy, it looks to be something else... if only you had something to help get it out of the bottom of the water.
You acquire a rusty gauntlet with the fisherman's rod!
You can only move UP from here.
----
UP 4
UP 6
----
6
The Lost Child part 2
You put the rusty gauntlet on and instantly it becomes brand new! The lost child stop's playing with his toy
 robot and runs to you. "Give it!" he exclaims. Do you hand him the gauntlet? Enter YES or NO.
If YES -> You hand the gauntlet over to the child. He puts it on, you watch nervously as his eyes glow with intensity...
he transforms into a ten foot tall robot that picks you up and starts playing with you like the rest of his toys.
You are dead!
If NO -> you tell him to go play with the millions of his other toys and you move on.
You can only move DOWN and EAST.
----
EAST 2
DOWN 5
----
7
The Spider Room death
You walk into a room excited by the idea of potential treasure. Unfortunately, all is not as it seems, there is no
treasure. Instead, glowing red eyes come forward out of the darkness to reveal two monster spiders. Without, a weapon
your fate is hopeless. The spiders pull you apart like a stringy web. You are dead!
----
8
The Spider Room
You walk into a room excited by the idea of potential treasure. Unfortunately, all is not as it seems, there is no
treasure. Instead, glowing red eyes come forward out of the darkness to reveal two monster spiders. Fortunately, you
have your trusty gauntlet on. Your eyes glow white as you bash both spiders into oblivion. You can now continue to
the other end of the room where sitting on a pile of coins is a shiny key. You now have the attic cell key!
You can move SOUTH or UP from here.
----
UP 9
SOUTH 2
----
9
The Attic Chamber
You are out of breath after climbing a long spiral staircase. You are in the attic and there is a cell. A prisoner
is behind bars its bars as he begs you to free him. He promises to give you something in return if you do...
Do you free him with the key you just found? Answer YES or NO.
If YES -> You unlock the door to his jail cell, and he is very relieved to be free. As promised he hands you another key.
he claims this to be open a very important door, but he has been trapped so long he forgot which one.
You can only move DOWN from here.
If NO -> You decide to be selfish and not help him out. As the days go bye and your selfishness grows, so does your
thirst and hunger. You spend your last few days wandering the dungeon for the exit, never finding it. You are dead!
----
DOWN 10
----
10
The Dead Spiders
As you descend back the winding staircase you are met with the bodies of the spiders you have killed.
You can only move SOUTH from here.
----
SOUTH 2
-----
11
Egress
You walk into the room you woke up from and walk past the creepy portraits and up to the locked exit door. With the
key in hand you are able to unlock the vault door and open it. The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, it's a
beautiful day outside and you are very relieved to walk out of the dungeon alive. You made it! Congratulations!
----
12 TheDeadFisherman
You walk back into the fisherman's room. There is nothing but a pile of dust on his bed. It smells like fish.
You can only move WEST from here.
